# Readme Twitter

## The core use case, intent, or business purpose for your use of the Twitter APIs

For this account I plan to automatically broadcast helpful facts and trends of
the covid19 virus, for the purpose education and alerting the general public to
the latest changes.

When my analysis detects valid changes to the number of cases world-wide I will
use the API to alert via Twitter these changes.

There are other tools doing this but not afaik presenting data in real time on
the Twitter platform. This project will also serve as a case study for other
clients wanting access to the latest data.

<https://github.com/CSSEGISandData/COVID-19>

## If you intend to analyze Tweets, Twitter users, or their content, please share details about the analyses you plan to conduct, and the methods or techniques

This account will not analyse Tweets or users nor do I plan to poll for deep
tweet or user insights, but I hope to implement insights in the future if the
account becomes popular and successful. The goal is to help people in the
Twitter community and beyond by providing the quickest and most accurate
broadcast updates on this global pandemic.

My goal is a great user experience, that is quick and responsive and accurate
and provides facts and data to help users evaluate the real-time trends of this
virus.

## If your use involves Tweeting, Retweeting, or liking content, share how you will interact with Twitter users or their content

The use case is to detect changes in Covid19 virus numbers and generate an
automatic Tweet with those changes. That is the core use case: Tweeting this
information will constitute the majority of content on this account. This
account may also retweet content from other relevent Covid19 Twitter accounts
or posts or like other similar content - but not through an API - this will be
manual. Other interaction will be answering questions like: how is the data
generated, or where are the data sources gathered from. Other interaction may
be discussions on recent trends or facts to help people cope with the virus.

I also plan to build a system that auto-replies to users who engage this content.

I will use common hashtags like #covid19 to project the content. This may
change as hashtags do evolve over time.

I have no intention of using the API for likes, or direct messaging, nor does
the tool generating the content provide for it.

## If youâ€™ll display Twitter content off of Twitter, please explain how, and where, Tweets and Twitter content will be displayed to users of your product or service, including whether Tweets and Twitter content will be displayed at row level, or aggregated

I don't intend to use the API to display twitter tweets inside my application
or any other external dashboard or website.

I plan to use our granted API keys in a way that's compliant with Twitters
automation policy located here:

<https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-automation>
